Right now in our application we are at the place that we are able to display one state normal year.
Or of course if I were to change this two highlighted and related recompile this should get blue and
move to the right like this.
But now we want to animate the transition between both states.
Now with that said back to normal right now we have no way to move to or change the state from our code
.
But we do have this animate button and we try to execute on any made method there.
So let's hook up to you on any made method here on animate.
And what do we want to do in this on any major method.
I simply want to switch to state.
So here I want to check if this state equals normal.
Then I want to set this state equal to highlighted.
Otherwise I want to set this state to normal.
Now if this implies if I save this lad the application reload.
Now you see it's gone.
Well that's simply a bug because I'm using Baghran color as a string and then like this year we actually
have to use the very same.
And I think the should get fixed.
To be honest I just wanted to bring this to your awareness.
If you're mixing the way you were setting up your properties even though it should theoretically word
work it doesn't make sure to use the same type of property name.
But if I switched gears and I now have the function to change my state you can now see I can switch
between those states and toggle between them.
But now we want to animate the transmission so that we not instantly switch to state as we already are
able to do with that.
But now that we animate this otherwise we wouldn't need these animation to here at all because just
appending different styles WOODER.
Well that's something we learned from the course.
So next do let's have a look at implementing this transition.